Terms of Use

If you continue to use this application , you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern app relationship with you in relation to this application. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our application.

Subscription options:

Weekly subscription - $2.99 USD after 3-day free trial - gives you unlimited access to daily new live wallpapers and full premium collection of content.

- The payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
- Free trial automatically converts to a paid subscription unless canceled at least 24-hours before the end of the trial period.
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
You can cancel your subscription via this url:https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039.

The use of this app is subject to the following terms of use:
This is a security service and we do not guarantee to give you %100 security. It was designed to protect your conversations and having them backed up on encrypted cloud platform. You accept that we do not guarantee to give you exact results by downloading and upgrading your membership. Keep in mind that this app does not add a passcode to the original applications, only the imported conversations of your choice.
Links To Other Web Sites
We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that i shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.

Law
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. Any changes to the Terms will be effective immediately. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Warranty Disclaimer
This is an unofficial product. Any product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks or images featured or referred to within this app are the property of their respective trademark holders. Any of these trademark holders are not affiliated This is app, our products, or with us. They do not sponsor or endorse this app or any of our online products. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered in this app for any particular purpose.
Your use of any information or materials in this app is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this app meet your specific requirements."
